Pharmacy Career Education Center Supporting National Examination
Early spring In this room graduates who finished the national exam
Make a face to report results and thank you
It is a drunken tree
Boo Boo after all
Boo ho ho I 'm sorry
I was in the middle from above and I already know what to say
Anyone anymore next year I'd Anna felt in continuation
I think it was useless I will study started away from the month November
I will fall in summer and autumn
It Is it if you play at the university the other day from Well then I month net
But it was fun to study if you think if you sell it, every day new and what kind of character is at Toshiba for a while
The
No
High pass rate One of the factors is active study among students
It is smart that we want to study from this status quo and start from scratch
It is para it is the cover of April
In the middle of me going there
the rice maker
I want to live
I opened the earth visit month strongly felt
Say that I'm describing is not seen in the day want Tokoro the solo part Te
There was
Of course study groups
The activeness cultivated in the open environment created by the professors, and the small group of people
Have a major impact on national examinations
I do not want to know where everyone wants to be a key Hana Shillong
You still have to understand it while it is still
It long ago is the reason
I do not want to do too but I
Whether the first place is not doing absolutely
I'm a teacher who looks good on the moon
National exams that can be frustrating alone
High wall
Challenge collection while stimulating each other